ABBY LEE MILLER:
Previously on "Dance Moms."
- Kelly is not going to crawl back.
- No.
Girls, I'm replacing Brooke and Paige.
Who would like to be on this team
of the Abby Lee Dance Company?
CHRISTI: Should we get
our cat claws ready?
[imitating cat]
- Who are you?
- I am Ally's mom.
JILL: Oh.
ABBY LEE MILLER: My new angel.
She was stunning.
We're missing Kelly.
We all do.
I don't know about Abby.
She [bleep] all over that title.
Coming up on "Dance Moms."
- I just want Kelly back.
- I know.
That's the plan.
Girls, where are you?
I should be in there doing the pyramid.
I don't know where everybody is.
There's people standing
in the parking lot.
What's going on?
You're replaced. That's it. Finished.
Done. Let's go.
Let's get on the phone.
We have to replace all these kids.
This competition is huge.
If we don't win, then those
mothers had the last laugh.
This can make you or break you.
[music playing]
(SINGING) Get up.
Get on the floor.
My world is with my girls
living on the dance floor.
[upbeat music]
Hey.
So where is our newest addition?
Did we scare her away?
- Holly, nice to meet you.
- Shelly, nice to meet you.
HOLLY: Shelly?
- Yes, Shelly.
HOLLY: Oh, nice to meet you.
- And that's Ally.
HOLLY: Oh, OK.
Probably in there.
She's probably having private--
she's probably already in there.
CHRISTI: Or she's probably
cleaning Abby's bathroom.
I think the moms are finally
just at their breaking point.
We're a team and a team includes Kelly.
And I think Abby's saying, oh, no.
This team is going to include Shelly.
That's not what we signed up for.
Kelly obviously left for a reason,
and she feels that this
isn't the place for her.
So I think it's up to us to convince her
that she belongs with us.
The team is not the same
without Kelly, Paige, and Brooke.
There's a void there.
We're going to take a stand.
We're going to stand up for what is right.
I just want Kelly back.
I know. That's the plan.
So what is the plan?
Put a date.
Put the weekend that we
know that there was--
Wait, they're really all going
to the ladies room together?
I'm sitting at the front desk working,
and the moms walk in
and waltz right by me.
They're acting very suspicious.
MELISSA: Beautiful.
[laughs]
CHRISTI: Well, you know, I do what I can.
So basically, the moms and I all decided
that we're just going to sit there silent,
and we're not going to go into pyramid,
and we're just going to have a standoff
trying to get Kelly back.
So, ladies, have you recovered
from your weekend?
I don't know what these moms
are trying to pull on me.
I'm polite.
I'm trying to have a conversation,
and they won't say one word to me.
What is going on?
Girls.
Come on, I want to get going
for the pyramid.
Where are you?
Girls.
This is ridiculous.
I just saw the moms at the
front desk a few minutes ago.
And where are the girls?
I don't know what's going on,
but if they're trying to piss me off,
mission accomplished.
The moms and the girls have disappeared.
Poof.
Be gone.
Melissa, this is Abby.
I don't know what's going on.
If this has something to do with Kelly
and replacing her kids for real,
you are losing your mind.
If you're going to jeopardize
Maddie and McKenzie
over her two kids, you're crazy.
You are crazy.
The moms are trying to make a point
about Kelly and her daughters
not being at the studio anymore.
Fine.
The show must go on.
There's a competition this weekend
in Fort Wayne, Indiana.
I'm going to work with
the people that are here.
I'm going to start on Ally's solo.
Take that right foot and turn
it out and dig it really hard.
Cuts.
Now you're going to take
that leg and almost--
The whole team's gone.
They're gone.
They're, like, gone.
It's not like they're gone for the night.
They're gone.
They are all gone.
So I'm just alone.
ABBY LEE MILLER: So you're
going through the fire,
like there's a big--
there's flames here
and you're trying to get through it.
[inaudible] foot.
I don't know what happened.
ABBY LEE MILLER: I don't know
what's going on.
I don't know what their beef is,
and I don't know what they're doing,
but I think that Melissa is a fool.
Maddie needs me,
and she needs to dance.
The rest of them could probably
go be girl scouts.
I have to worry about the kids
that want to dance,
not the ones that don't.
SHELLY: Do you think this is about Kelly?
Do you think that--
What do you think?
Did the kids say anything to you?
SHELLY: Nobody said anything.
I don't think this is the kids.
I mean, they're just kids.
They can't make the decision.
Why?
I was 14 when I started my company.
That's the age Brooke is.
So if she wanted to be here,
call your dad.
Have him bring you.
Call your neighbor, say,
I need to get to dancing.
You don't need to tell him
the whole story.
You need to get your head on straight
because we have one number
so far and it's your solo
and you got to go.
Hey, um, where are the moms?
They're not here?
I should be in there doing the pyramid.
I don't know where everybody is.
The moms are still missing.
It's getting late.
Nobody's heard a word from them.
We just wasted an entire
day when we could have been
rehearsing for the competition.
There's people standing
in the parking lot.
Is that-- someone's sitting
on the ground like a dog.
Melissa.
ABBY LEE MILLER: Really?
I am tired of this.
The moms are outside
in my parking lot.
I've had it.
I'm going to go out there
and find out what's going on.
Ladies, what's going on?
I'm waiting to do the pyramid.
I've been waiting and waiting and waiting.
Ladies, what's going on?
Holly, something has to be going on
or you would never
be so rude to me personally.
You guys are having a--
what is it called-- a sit-in.
Ladies, are we this upset
over one new student?
Are you that jealous?
If you're doing this for Kelly,
you're a fool.
This is completely unprofessional.
Do you think that your kids are going
to go on and work professionally
after this behavior?
That's ridiculous.
Melissa, I tried to tell you.
Your kid's working her butt off
doing a solo every week.
And the other kids are broken,
lying on the floor whining.
When Abby comes out, it's like
the scene from "Jurassic Park."
We're all sitting in our cars
and, like, here comes
the Tyrannosaurus Rex.
Holly's not moving.
And I'm thinking, thank god, Holly,
because they can sense movement.
ABBY LEE MILLER: You're replaced.
That's it. Finished. Done.
See what happens to people?
You do all this crap for their kid,
you get them to win
a national championship,
and then they [bleep] all over you.
They start when they're 3 years old.
They don't know their right foot
from their left.
Their kid becomes a star.
They're winning titles.
And the parents suddenly think
they know something more.
Let's go.
Let's get on the phone.
We have to replace all these kids.
We have one great soloist, right?
All right.
Thank you.
PHONE OPERATOR: (ON PHONE) Allegheny
County, 911, what's your emergency?
ABBY LEE MILLER: Hi.
I have a trespassing issue.
PHONE OPERATOR: (ON PHONE)
Your name?
Abby Miller.
There's just four cars of people
in my parking lot that will not move.
I just want the police to tell them
they need to move their cars.
They need to be off my lot.
PHONE OPERATOR: (ON
PHONE) All right.
ABBY LEE MILLER: Bye bye.
[sighs] I have tons of kids dying
to be on this competition team.
So I want to go back to the
files from the competition
and call people that can
get in their cars right now
and drive to Pittsburgh
and be here for rehearsal tomorrow.
Times, they are a changin'.
Yes, hi.
This is Abby Lee Miller.
Is there a Kaeli there that attended
an open call audition for me?
- WOMAN: (ON PHONE) Yeah.
- Yes.
I need you to find a way
to get her here tomorrow.
I understand that you have
a very talented little girl.
I've been hearing from everybody
that she is 10 times better than Maddie.
How can we get you
on a plane tomorrow?
Come to Pittsburgh
to the Abby Lee Dance Company
and compete with my team.
[police siren]
Bella's in.
She's there and she'll be there
with her at 1 o'clock tomorrow.
CHRISTI: And he's pulling behind us.
ABBY LEE MILLER:
I don't even know what we're doing,
but we're the Abby Lee Dance Company.
We're national champions,
and we'll come up with something.
The show must go on.
WOMAN: (ON PHONE) OK,
we'll make it happen.
ABBY LEE MILLER: All right. Thank you.
WOMAN: (ON PHONE) You as well.
ABBY LEE MILLER: Thank you. Bye.
WOMAN: (ON PHONE)
All right, bye bye.
We're [inaudible] we got a way
better group than we started with.
[laughs]
JILL: Hello?
Anybody home?
Hey.
Look at what the cat dragged in.
Look what the cat dragged in?
You're out of your radius to be
shown with your stretch pants on there.
I know.
I'm in the area running
some errands here and there,
and I find myself close to my old studio.
So I figure, why not stop by Candy Apples
and see what's going on in there.
So are you guys missing me?
Not so much.
What's going on with you?
Well, we came back from break.
And Kelly and the kids,
her two kids, didn't show up.
So Abby threw them out.
Took them off the pyramid.
Said they're not welcome back.
And as of right now,
the kids have no place to dance.
So, Jill, you're here because
you want a place on my team?
I was in the area.
I'm headed through.
I thought I could stop in
and have a grown-up conversation with you.
Jill, when have we ever
had a grown-up conversation?
You know what?
You're right.
I should have known better.
And if you're looking
for another dance studio in Ohio,
that's kind of silly, because you've done
that and you've tried that.
And furthermore,
aren't you a studio hopper?
No.
You should take your tails elsewhere.
All right.
But that's not why I came to Ohio
and you know it.
Now I know why I left this place.
Nothing has changed.
Same old Kathy.
She always has some
insult to hurl at you.
That's an awfully little Louis Vuitton
you got there.
Bye, Jill, thanks for coming.
I'll see you later.
JILL: Whatever.
It's always a pleasure.
ABBY LEE MILLER: Hello, sweetie.
Hey.
ABBY LEE MILLER: We do not
have time to waste today--
How are y'all doing today?
--because as soon as
those other kids get here,
we're starting the group.
So you need to get in
there, work on your solo,
and make sure that
you want to win this.
After yesterdays headaches with the moms,
I made a decision.
I'm going to replace the entire team.
I have a whole new team and they're
on their way to rehearsal right now.
Hey, girls. How you doing?
Hi.
Thank you, moms, for coming.
MARCIA: Thanks for having us.
Yeah!
- This is exciting.
We're excited to be here.
These kids are the new
Abby Lee Dance Company competition team,
and they better work.
They better work hard,
they better love what they're doing,
and they better be appreciative
for the opportunity.
This is Bella?
You are 10 years old?
You are tall.
MARCIA: She is tall.
And Kaeli.
And we have Ally.
We have one little girl that's flying in.
I really appreciate you giving
everything up and putting
your life on hold just
to get here quickly.
GLORIA: Sure.
Their moms better learn
from everyone else's mistakes.
MARCIA: This is a huge deal, right?
You're going to be part of the group.
So you have to go in there,
show them what you got.
Good job [inaudible].
I'm proud of you both, OK?
You have to go in there
and earn your spot on this team.
Give daddy proud, OK?
I want any opportunity for Bella.
And anything that comes Bella's way,
we will do everything we can to
help make that happen for her.
This is Shelly.
Hi, Shelly.
ABBY LEE MILLER: She is from Louisiana.
- Shelly.
- Oh, wow.
Marcia.
Nice to meet you.
GLORIA: Gloria.
- Nice to meet you.
GLORIA: Nice to meet you too.
I think you're in Kelly's seat.
- Oh, no.
- Uh oh.
You're in trouble now.
ABBY LEE MILLER: I don't know.
I try not to ever look up here.
Where is everybody?
You have to trust me.
I know what I'm doing.
Everyone's replaceable.
All right?
Here we go.
People have to make decisions
based on what works best for them.
And if that was the decision
that the dance moms
had to make, then that's on them.
It's giving Kaeli and other girls
an opportunity that they wouldn't have
and that's fantastic.
CHRISTI: I personally think
that this is so much nicer
than sitting up in dance jail.
I think she was just looking
for an excuse.
Right. Oh, yeah.
Absolutely.
- Because she's been dying to replace us.
- I think that's all it was.
But she said,
I've been doing this for 32 years.
Nobody knew your name until
our kids danced under it.
This weekend, they're going to go away,
and people are going to be
at wherever they're going--
And they're going to be
expecting to see our kids.
They're going to be
HOLLY: Absolutely.
Because people go to these
things to see our kids dance.
What if we put together
a dance or something
and we found a place where
the girls can perform?
We'll just put it up on social media.
Oh, that would be nice.
This performance will send
such a huge statement to Abby.
Look at all the talent that she
just let walk out of her door.
And I really think that
this performance needs to be
the performance of a lifetime.
We choreograph something on our own.
Yeah, we can't use any
of Abby's choreographing.
HOLLY: And then costumes.
I can tell you who
can do the choreography.
Who?
The girls.
I'm thinking this might be good.
I think it'll be fun.
I think there's still
a lot to be gained from it.
Oh, I'm so excited. Oh!
Hello?
YVETTE: (ON PHONE)
Abby, this is Yvette.
How are you?
Good. How are you?
YVETTE: (ON PHONE):
I'm fantastic. Thank you.
I hear you're going to be competing
in Indiana this weekend.
I am.
I would love to see you.
Are you going to be around?
Yes, we're going to be there.
ABBY LEE MILLER:
(ON PHONE) Oh, god.
It should be exciting.
Is--
YVETTE: (ON PHONE) Hadley
Is she competing?
She's actually
competing in a solo,
and we're bringing a
group number as well.
ABBY LEE MILLER: (ON
PHONE) All right, super.
Well then we're going
to see you there?
You're going to see me.
Absolutely.
OK, super.
My name is Yvette.
My daughter and I were on
"Abby's Ultimate Dance Competition."
It was an amazing experience,
but along with that
came many ups and downs.
Hadley, are you excited for the season?
I guess. Kind of.
I've been really worried about you since
"Abby's Ultimate Dance Competition."
I've been worried about the
things that Abby said to you.
Made you question if you
want to continue to dance or not.
I feel when Abby found out
that I was a dance teacher myself,
I think things turned.
I think Abby tried to get to me
through Hadley.
She tried to break you.
Shame on her.
It's just different
going to dance every day,
because I still have
those words in my head.
Which words keep
popping into your head
when you go in the dance room?
PA: Abby, I'm reading
your facial expression
and you don't seem that happy.
Should I say roadkill?
You're not roadkill.
Just hearing her say that,
I've never had someone
say that to me before,
like, call me that.
Don't let "roadkill"
come back into play at all.
I say all the time,
you get what you give.
Abby Lee Miller will get it back someday.
All right, so can I see it one time?
Because she's going to be
coming in here, and I want
you guys to be perfect.
You know, Sophia is,
like, better than Maddie.
Like, she's amazing.
So you want to be equally as amazing.
Sophia is the last member
of our team to arrive.
She's a child prodigy.
She's all over the internet.
She's made appearances on TV.
And she's a major deal
at dance competitions.
And she is on her way here.
Hello, Sophia.
Goodbye, Maddie.
She doesn't know the dance.
She doesn't know anything.
She's going to waltz
in here and be the star
and take over if you let her.
Why would you say that to these guys?
That's nice.
Let's go.
You don't know how to make
that kind of announcement
to a bunch of kids who have been here
working all day.
- JACKIE: Hello!
- Hello.
- Hi, Miss Abby.
- Good. How are you?
- Good.
It's good to see you.
Well, welcome, star.
Yes?
My new Maddie.
I'm thrilled.
Come on. Let's go.
Sophia is 10 years old
and dances like a seasoned pro.
She's an itty bitty little thing.
She is definitely my Maddie replacement.
This is Sophia.
This is Ally, and Kaeli, and Bella.
Hi!
- Hi!
- Hi.
JACKIE: How are you?
I'm Jackie.
MARCIA: Hi, Jackie.
Hi, I'm Gloria.
JACKIE: Nice to meet you.
- It's nice to meet you.
- We just got here.
ABBY LEE MILLER: And one.
Nice.
She announced the star was almost here.
The star was coming.
ABBY LEE MILLER:
Pretty, pretty, pretty.
Bold change.
Spin.
And go, girls.
Where is everybody else?
Like, where are all the other--
- No clue.
- Do we know?
That's the
question of the hour.
- Do you know?
- No.
Do you mind going over the
walking thing one more time?
[laughs]
She's so cute.
Say that again.
Do you mind walking through
where I walked through
before the lift again,
if that makes sense?
ABBY LEE MILLER: Oh,
you make perfect sense.
It's just that voice is killing me.
You know, Minnie Mouse has a job.
We don't need another one.
Let's go.
As long as Sophia is dancing, I love her.
But as soon as she starts talking, woo!
I have to lower that voice.
Dig down into your diaphragm.
Do you take voice lessons?
No.
- You don't?
- No.
Oh, maybe while you're here, you can.
You need to dig down deep
in there and find a voice.
All right.
MOMS: Hi, Sophia.
Hey.
Did you guys bring your solo costume?
You guys bring your costumes?
- No.
We have no solos.
MARCIA: We don't have solos,
so we don't have costumes.
HOLLY: So we don't need costumes.
Well, I brought mine.
Hello. Good morning.
Good morning.
All I know is that I want to win.
I want to protect the name
of the Abby Lee Dance Company.
So what do I do?
I give Sophia a solo.
She is my ace in the hole.
You're going to finish your solo.
You guys are going to rehearse the group.
We are traveling to Fort Wayne, Indiana.
It's called Dance Expressions.
We are doing the competition tomorrow.
You are going to keep my reputation.
This is an important weekend for me.
I'm debuting the new ALDC team.
Everyone's going to see
that the faces have changed,
but the Abby Lee Dance Company
name is as strong as ever.
Now remember, this is it, kiddo.
You don't even have a dance finish yet,
and you're doing it tomorrow.
Let's do it.
Go, kid.
Sassy.
So what's Sophia's solo about?
It's called My New Reality.
And it's about Abby's new reality.
- Really?
- Because she's got new dancers and--
I don't know.
She keeps calling her--
you're replacing Maddie.
That's the new reality, I guess.
GLORIA: The new star.
MARCIA: I don't even know
why I'm here at this point.
This is ridiculous.
Like, why did I bring my kid?
Doesn't bother me at all.
My Maddie doesn't have to dance
against them anyway.
I hope Sophia does well.
She'll be great.
She'll be fine.
Pretty.
It's use both hand.
[inaudible]
(SINGING) I was
holding tightly--
The group dance is called Cry.
It's a lyrical routine and it's beautiful,
and elegant, and feminine.
(SINGING) A secret locked down inside.
ABBY LEE MILLER: It's also about
saying goodbye.
Saying goodbye to the old things,
and welcoming in new experiences.
And that's exactly what
the Abby Lee Dance Company is doing.
We are moving on.
KELLY: I'm having all the girls
and the moms at my house today.
And I'm really excited
to have everybody together
just because we haven't
been together in so long.
I think it's going to be fun,
but we have a lot of stuff
that we need to talk about.
Well, first we have to tell
the girls why we're here.
They don't know yet why they're here.
So we thought it would
be fun for you guys
to do a performance somewhere.
- GIRL: We get to make it up?
- Yes.
- No, we get to make it up.
- No!
[laughter]
This is a big deal for the girls
and for the moms.
We need to show everyone
that we don't need Abby.
She needs us.
I think one of the biggest messages
that we need to prove
as a group is that Abby
needs you guys more than you need her.
So we figured that we would find a place
that you guys could go and perform.
There would be no judges.
There would be no pressure.
Oh, that sounds so fun.
So where is this going to take place?
I have a call in to a place,
a mall nearby.
I just need confirmation.
So it's going to be,
I think, at a local mall.
Oh, that's kind of fun.
And we can shop.
Oh!
I could care less what Abby's doing
with this new imposter dance team.
It really doesn't matter to me.
I just got a text message from Shelly.
It says, hey, just letting you
know that Sophia just got here.
She just keeps telling me, like,
they're replacing our kids with kids.
HOLLY: [inaudible] Abby is,
good luck with that.
Oh, lovely.
Let's go see what the girls are up to.
- I want to go see--
- I want to see what they're doing.
We can't worry about
Abby's replacement team.
You know what?
She replaced the whole team,
but you can't be the original
because they're not replaceable.
We need to worry about focusing
on the dance
and making it perfection
because we have a big Abby-free debut
coming up and it has to be amazing.
ABBY LEE MILLER: All right, moms,
this is it.
We're crunch time here.
I was just informed
that one of the kids I judged
over the break is coming
to the competition.
And the mother called me.
Her name is Yvette.
Her daughter's name is Hadley.
- Oh, OK.
- I'm warning you.
She does not like me because I told her
that her daughter looked like roadkill.
Oh, my god.
And they have a group against our group.
Hadley is doing a solo in 9 to 11.
So I called your daughter roadkill.
Get over it, lady.
Let it go.
This competition is huge.
We're going to walk into that theater,
and people are going to expect
to see Brooke, and Chloe, Nia,
Maddie.
And they're going to see
Ali, Bella, Kaeli, Sophia.
This can make you or break you.
You step out on that stage and you guys
win the overall high score, suddenly,
they could be household names.
Do you understand what I'm saying?
I've got huge expectations
for the competition this weekend.
And if these new girls don't meet them,
I'll make a few more phone calls.
HOLLY: You got to stay together.
Come on. Hurry up. Hurry up.
Stay together.
HOLLY: I'd like to know where
the people are.
CHRISTI: There is no one here.
Well, I hope we didn't
do all this for nothing.
I'm hoping not,
because then Abby would really--
CHRISTI: Oh, she would be like--
HOLLY: --get a satisfaction.
CHRISTI:
[mimicking Abby complaining]
See, you really do need me.
The mall is practically empty.
There's not a soul in sight.
So our post-Abby might be over
before it even starts.
It's competition day,
and we're here in Fort Wayne, Indiana.
Hi!
[cheering]
This is huge for me.
We are debuting the new
Abby Lee Dance Company competition team,
and they have to win and win big.
Do you know any of these kids?
Because those are none of our kids.
YVETTE: I mean, I knew she
had auditions two weeks ago.
Right.
ABBY LEE MILLER: How are you?
ABBY LEE MILLER: Good. No hug, no kiss?
- HADLEY: Nice to see you again.
- Good to see you, sweetie.
You've been working on those feet?
- Yes.
Good, good, good. How are you?
- I'm good. How are you?
- ABBY LEE MILLER: Good.
- Take care.
- You have a new team?
Yeah, you know, every once in a while,
you have to put the trash out.
KELLY: All right.
Everybody get into your spots.
Let's go.
We're going to run out of time, guys.
SONG: (SINGING) Find a way
to make it all make sense.
Give myself more time to breathe.
I gotta have it all.
CHRISTI: You can't look confused there,
Chloe.
No, you guys are all off.
Find a window.
No one should be behind anybody.
KELLY: Do a pose at the end.
I think this performance will
be a huge statement to Abby.
All the talent that she let walk
out the door was a big mistake.
We need to make this performance amazing.
ABBY LEE MILLER:
Ally listen to me.
Last week, you were part of a team,
a championship overall high school
winning team,
and they abandoned you.
So you're on your own, kiddo.
Make it count.
This is an important solo for Ally.
Last week, she was superb
in the group number.
But now, she's on her own.
OK.
Kaeli wants to show her
that she is a good dancer,
she's a good soloist.
But I think that she's very concerned
about impressing Miss Abby.
I'm going to go down to the front lobby
and see if they'll let me
get a solo in for you.
Is that OK?
Just start running through it
and make sure that you know.
Start warming up, all right?
And I'll see what I can find out.
All right?
I want Kaeli to have a solo because I want
to show Abby what she could do.
ABBY LEE MILLER:
Sophia, listen to me.
This isn't just about Hadley.
You're going to beat Hadley.
This goes back to Maddie,
this goes back to Chloe.
If they were here right now, they would
be the ones going up against Hadley.
JACKIE: I'm not sure if it's
a lot of pressure for Sophia
to fill Maddie's shoes.
I think that Sophia as a dancer
in her own right
has her own style and
her own strengths.
It's like apples and oranges.
All right, we got to get rolling.
Come on. We got to go.
First up are the solos.
Ally and Sophia better prove to me
that they have what it takes
to be part of the
Abby Lee Dance Company competition team.
They better not disappoint me.
[intense music]
PA: Ladies and gentlemen,
taking the stage right now,
here is Ally with "Forever and a Day."
[applause]
[MUSIC - CHRISTINA LI,
"FOREVER AND A DAY"]
(SINGING) Something about
the way he moves cuts in me
and pulls out the wires.
Starts a fire.
But I was told
that when you love something,
you have to let it go.
In bed with you forever,
forever and a day.
[applause]
YVETTE: I'm a nervous wreck.
And I just want Hadley to do the best
that she can do and nail her routine.
PA: Junior Solo Division,
here is Hadley with "More."
[MUSIC - CLOONEY, "MORE, MORE, MORE"]
(SINGING) Word up. The boys arrived.
And my lips start moving
when you walk in the room.
So come and give me.
Your eyes, your style, your smile.
Got a sky high,
supersize jonesin' for you.
So come and give me animal, chemical.
All you got, I'm so deep in it.
I can't get enough. Yeah, I like it.
I love it. It's true.
So come and give me.
So what you got to do
is give me all you got.
I'm so deep in it.
I can't get enough.
Yeah, I like it. I love it.
It's true. So come and give me.
So what you got to
do is give me more.
[applause]
PA: That was entry number 10,
Hadley with "More."
I get so nervous before I go on stage.
I always have to shake out my nerves.
I'm a little bit of headcase sometimes.
PA: This is entry number 27, Sophia!
[applause]
[MUSIC - ANALOGUE REVOLUTION,
"NEW REALITY"]
(SINGING) Is this a dream?
Is this a dream?
I've followed you for so long.
I wonder, is there something wrong
with me?
Is this a dream?
Is this a dream,
or could it be a new reality?
Is this a dream?
Is this a dream,
or could it be a new reality?
Just you and me.
New reality.
[applause]
ABBY LEE MILLER: Sophia came out
on that stage like a tornado,
and she ripped through that audience
like there was no tomorrow.
She truly dances like it's the last time
she's ever going to dance.
Woo! Yeah.
ABBY LEE MILLER: Give me a hug!
You were something out there.
You just had everybody
in the palm of your hand.
I wish Paige and Chloe's mom
would have been sitting in that audience.
- Hi, good morning. How are you?
- Good. how are you?
Hi, is it too late to
add a solo entry?
I thought Kaeli deserved a solo,
and I wanted it to be her opportunity
to show Abby what she had in case
it was, OK, this
is your audition
and if you don't cut it today,
then you're done.
- We're with Abby Lee Dance Company.
- OK.
Yeah, I just want--
my daughter, I'm trying
to enter my daughter,
but Abby's really busy,
so I was going to just
take care of it for her.
ABBY LEE MILLER: Come on.
We need to run the dance.
- Let's get out here with Ally and let's--
- So what's going on?
- What?
- Everyone's doing their solo now but her?
What are you talking about?
Kaeli is not doing a solo.
MARCIA: I was told she was doing a solo.
By who-- by me?
- No.
- ABBY LEE MILLER: OK.
She said she was doing a solo,
everyone's doing a solo.
She's probably going to the director
to try to write her own kid in.
And that means she's off this team.
That's how it'll work.
If that woman Glo goes behind my back
and enters that kid for a solo,
she's out of the group.
I'm not taking this crap from any mother.
GLORIA: What are you doing?
How did she know where I was?
After I called her and got her here?
ABBY LEE MILLER:
Where's your BFF?
I have no idea.
Are you a little shocked?
MARCIA: A little disappointed.
I wouldn't have ever thought
she'd do something like that.
ABBY LEE MILLER:
And where were you?
I was checking to see if we
could get a solo
in case you needed it for later.
But apparently, I was ratted out, right?
MARCIA: Look, I walk in,
she's running her solo.
She--
GLORIA: Whatever, Marcia.
Like you wouldn't jump on
it right now if you could.
Do I have a costume with me?
You wouldn't have tried the
same thing if you thought you
could have gotten away with it?
- I absolutely would not have.
If Abby requested it, Glo,
absolutely I would have.
Right. It's fine.
You know what, Kaeli,
we're going to go stretch. It's fine.
MARCIA: I won't ever forget
that you did this to my daughter.
- I don't care.
- I respected you as your teacher. Done.
Well, you know what?
You should respect me for calling her
when I didn't have to.
- No, you--
I could have brought Kaeli,
and I could have left--
This is over, Glo. It's done.
Good. Bye.
These new dance moms are acting
a lot like the old dance moms.
What is it about me?
Why do I attract all the crazy ones?
[intense music]
Look in their face.
We have 10 minutes to be down there,
and you have to win.
The theme is cry.
Who's crying now?
The kids that are sitting
in Pittsburgh not getting any better,
not performing, not dancing.
I need my new team members to show me
that they've got what it takes.
Ready, girls? This is the new ALDC.
1, 2, 3, woo!
PA: We're coming up to entry number 56.
From the Juniors Small Group Division,
here they are with Criminal of Love.
[MUSIC - CHARLIE, "I'M A CRIMINAL"]
(SINGING) It's written out in my eyes.
I'm always, every time,
following the party rules.
You're close to getting cash,
and I don't mind that.
At least I ain't a killer of love.
Love, love. I'm a criminal.
Can't you see me?
I'm a criminal. Can't you see?
I'm a criminal.
I be such a bad, a bad girl.
A bad girl. The criminal is only me.
[applause]
PA: That was entry number 56,
Criminal of Love.
Taking the stage right
now is entry number 71.
Here comes Isabella, Sophia,
Ally, and Kaeli with "Cry."
[music - Courtney Smith, "Cry"]
(SINGING) I was holding
tightly to a thread of hope.
A secret locked down inside.
The prospect of us
at the end of the road.
Now a sadness
I can't seem to hide.
I wanna cry.
Just let the tears come out,
so I can try to say goodbye.
You moved on, and so must I.
[applause]
ABBY LEE MILLER: Were they perfect? No.
I thought they were beautiful,
but I don't know what the judges thought.
Was it enough to beat
Yvette's competition team?
They better hope so.
PA: We're going to get this
thing started right away.
We're going to start with
our Teen Solo Division.
Third place
with a score of 273.4 points, Dimples.
[applause]
Second place with a score
of 276.9 points, entry number 36,
"Forever and a Day."
ABBY LEE MILLER: I'm livid
about Ally not winning.
I think on technique alone,
she deserved that win.
PA: Now the elite junior solo division.
In second place,
with a total of 276.3 points--
There's no question in my
mind we're going to be Abby.
PA: --entry number 10, More.
YVETTE: I'll take that.
We will take that.
We'll take that.
PA: And in first place
in your Junior Solo Division,
number 27, New Reality.
Woo!
Good job, [inaudible].
Hadley wasn't exactly roadkill.
She was just the road,
and Sophia drove right over her.
Good job, girls!
PA: Moving into our
Junior Small Group Division,
in third place with
a total score of 275.6 points,
Sweet Dreams.
In second place, with
a total a score of 280.5 points,
entry number 72, Pride.
And in first place,
entry number 56, Criminal of Love.
I was mortified when that group number
from Thrive beat us.
I mean, come on.
Hadley, Yvette,
her kids do not deserve to win.
It was an amazing day.
I'm on Cloud nine,
and so is Thrive Dance Company.
What an accomplishment.
Congratulations.
Congrats.
- What a competition.
- What a great competition.
- Yeah, no, they were great.
They were great.
Your kids were great as well.
You know, I think we make a great team.
You scare me.
- No way.
- Oh, no.
Hadley, I figured out our bond.
The daughters of dance teachers.
- That's right.
- I know.
See?
- YVETTE: Oh, we see it. That's it.
- See?
- Aw.
- If you're not in it to win it--
- You're in the way.
ABBY LEE MILLER: You're in the way.
See, I know your things now.
So I can do them with her.
Yes?
- All right.
[cheering]
Hi!
I would like to introduce
Chloe, Maddie, Brooke,
Paige, and [inaudible]
Kendall, and [inaudible]..
Thank you for coming!
[MUSIC - LEE BAKER & LAURA
VANE, "PUSH UP THE BEAT"]
(SINGING) There are days when
I'm down on the floor
and all I do is smile.
Drifting into weeks or more when
I don't touch base with myself.
And I find a way to
make it all make sense.
Give myself more time to breathe.
Gotta have it all, gotta manage my life,
but I keep on thinking.
Shake up the day
and we kick into play
until the night turns into day.
Push up the beat.
Keep it moving.
You can tell me that
I'm missing the point.
We don't live too differently.
You ponder all the time you've
lost just to make ends meet.
And so we kick up our shoes.
And we let our hair loose.
There's only one thing left to do.
Push up the beat.
Keep it moving.
[cheering]
Yay!
You guys were [inaudible].
CHRISTI: Oh, you did it!
You did it!
HOLLY: OK, how was it different
than doing it with Abby?
Was there any difference?
Yes.
It wasn't--
- Did anybody scream at you?
- GIRLS: No.
I am so proud of our girls.
I think their performance looked great.
And they did it all on
their own without Abby
and that is the most important part.
I know it wasn't what you would consider
your best performance,
but with the condition,
you did the best you could.
You should be proud of yourselves.
You pulled this together.
All in all, it was a great day,
but it revealed a lot.
The girls need discipline.
They need a dance teacher.
And it wasn't up to the standards
that we're used to.
I guess it's a lot to think
about right now.
Ally got second in her solo
and second in the group.
I mean, I don't know if
that impacted the group in some way
that if that's the best,
then Abby might have a real problem.
And I think right now to really
put a good posture forward here,
we might want to zip it in front the kids.
OK?
Ladies.
Second?
Second is not good enough
for the Abby Lee Dance Company,
especially when it was Yvette.
Ally, could you tell
the girls bye and everybody?
ABBY LEE MILLER: Wait.
Where are you going?
I'm just trying to give space.
Just trying to give some space.
Shelly cracked.
We saw the real Shelly,
and out the door she went.
See you later, Shelly.
So part of me is happy that you pulled
it together and everything,
but part of me is livid,
because it was Yvette and those kids.
So I am disappointed in the group.
Thank god for you, Sophia.
Thank god.
This team is just as disappointing
as the old one.
I have some tough decisions to make,
and not everybody is going to be happy.
Next on "Dance Moms."
WOMAN: (ON PHONE)
We went back to New Orleans.
This is my livelihood.
This is what I do.
I don't have a husband
that has a million dollar job.
You give an inch, they take a yard.
It's over.
I've had enough.
You are the only one left.
You need to win your division
and you need to win
the entire competition.
The only way she's
going to let your kids
back on that team,
she needs to hear it from your girls.
Oh, my god.
They're right there.